Docs: fix capitalization of some terms, fix typos (#1988)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/dlt-ecosystem/destinations/clickhouse.md

dlt init chess clickhouse
```

> :::info
> This command will initialize your pipeline with chess as the source and ClickHouse as the destination.
> :::

Author: ```suggestion
`dlt init` command will initialize your pipeline with chess as the source and ClickHouse as the destination.
```
